I wanna be black Lou Reed once sang, reflecting the largely unspoken feelings of many white people everywhere. The addendum, of course, is that there are some white people who want to be as cool as black people but without having to suffer any of the bigotry and oppression. That’s just one of the many potent subthreads of Get Out, Jordan Peele’s extraordinary and genuinely creepy directorial debut. Peele succeeds where sometimes even more experienced filmmakers fail: He’s made an agile entertainment whose social and cultural observations are woven so tightly into the fabric that you’re laughing even as you’re thinking, and vice-versa.
The Year's Most Inventive Horror Movie Will Awaken Your Childhood NightmaresThe Babadook combines an ominous picture book with a mother pushed to the breaking point, showing how creepy children's literature can be. A deftly inventive and psychologically charged horror story that trades on the ways in which the prospect of maternal failure can be just as fearsome a boogeyman as any monster under the bed.
Review: 'It Follows' offers up a fresh take on sexual terror One of the more memorable visuals in the horror movie It Follows is a ghastly red stain spreading in a swimming pool — just another cinematic reminder of the genre connection between sex and growing up and very bad things.It Follows concerns disaffected youth subjected to a terrible post-coital haunting, a sort of sexually transmitted entre into a nightmare that never ends. 
Let the Right One In is one of a recent number of vampire films that have focused primarily on love. Since its appearance in Victorian literature, the vampire has always symbolised socially unacceptable sexual practices and desires, and film adaptations have thoroughly mined the steamy repressed sexuality that underlies Bram Stoker’s Dracula or Sheridan Le Fanu’s Carmilla. But as female desire, lesbian relationships or fellatio, for example, have stopped being seen as risqué subject matter, a preoccupation with love, rather than sex.
Zombie auteur and progenitor George A. Romero's black-and-white, micro-budget classic should be applauded for opening the floodgates to enjoyably schlocky zombie fright flicks over the last few decades. If his original vision of the undead looks dulled by today's standards, his embedded political commentary on racism feels just as sharp.
Cockneys vs. Zombies doesn't offer much ingenuity in the zombie subgenre, but it's a rather enjoyable movie if you're looking for foul-mouthed, gun-toting octogenarians battling hordes of the undead with a caper twist thrown in for good measure.
This movie has many things I love: it's a zombie movie, it's a road movie, it's a horror comedy, it's gory, but at the same time, it has some substance, but it's not overbearing. Mostly this movie is just really fun and hugely entertaining, which is probably the most important factor. The script is decent, and contains the right amount of wit and quirk without seeming derivative.
The House of the Devil isn't just a movie: it's an experience. It joins the league of Rosemary's Baby, The Exorcist and The Omen as one of the most diabolical entries in the modern horror library.You may not be able to watch this twice, but you’ll certainly remember it forever.
Upon leaving the cinema at the conclusion of Oren Peli’s Paranormal Activity, I noted two things. The first: I had just taken part in one of the most enjoyable cinema-going experiences of my life. The second: While the film was expertly made and intensely frightening, it was perhaps not as disturbing as many had stated.
Liam Neeson plays another middle-aged superman in this frenetic movie full of overstylish action, but even if the mediocre plot begins relatively interesting, it soon comes up with a lot of convenient holes and ends with a ludicrous explanation that is more laughable than surprising.
