EMOTIONS OVERFLOW AT THE OLYMPIC POOL! Michael Phelps had returned to competition in 2014 following his retirement from swimming after his 18th gold medal in London,in 2012. He won his next in the final of the 4x100m freestyle relay, where he played a decisive role against France,the unbeaten titleholders throughout those four years, swimming the second leg. A clear victory by 61/100ths of a second over the French relay quartet. 
Early in the morning, American teenager Virginia Thrasher won the first gold medal of the Rio Games at the Deodoro shooting range in the women’s 10-metre air rifle event. She started strongly with her first shot in the eight-shooter final, achieving the top score of the competition: 10.9! She then continued where she had left off, setting an Olympic record of 208.0 ahead of the Olympic champion in 2004 and 2008, China’s Du Li. “I’m so happy to kick off the Rio Games with a gold medal for my country,” exclaimed the American. 
Jamaican sprinting superstar Usain Bolt bowed out of his last-ever individual race at the Olympic Games in a blaze of glory, taking gold in the 200m in 19.78 seconds. Having already secured the triple over 100m, he repeated the feat over his preferred distance. A triple double that cemented even further the legendary status of thegreatest sprinter of all time and an achievement that is unlikely to be repeated at the Games any time soon! Canada’s Andre De Grasse (20.02) and France’s ChristopheLemaitre (20.12) accompanied His Majesty Bolt on the podium. Bolt’s clear victory was very much on the cards when he took the lead straight out of the blocks. 

The reigning world champions, Brazil’s Alison Cerutti and Bruno Oscar Schmidt, got the better of Italian pair Paolo Nicolai and Daniele Lupo in the beach volleyball 
final, winning by 2 sets to 0 in a fiery atmosphere at the Copacabana Stadium, to win a gold medal that was celebrated by an entire country. 
Roared on by a sell-out crowd that made light of the driving rain, Cerutti and Schmidt landed Brazil’s first Olympic gold in the sport in 12 years. 
The home favourites were made to work hard for their victory, with the Italians starting both sets strongly, but came back well to win 20-19, 20-17.
Argentina won hockey gold for the first time ever, beating Belgium 4-2 in Deodoro. Bronze was won by Germany after victory over the Netherlands on penalties
(1-1, 4-3 on penalties). In the gold medal match, Belgium took the lead thanks to a goal by Tanguy Cosyns. 
But Argentina struck twice in the first quarter through Pedro Ibarra and Ignacio Ortiz, before putting some daylight between themselves and their opponents 
with a goal by Gonzalo Peillat in the second period (3-1).
Argentina won hockey gold for the first time ever, beating Belgium 4-2 in Deodoro. Bronze was won by Germany after victory over the Netherlands on penalties 
(1-1, 4-3 on penalties). In the gold medal match, Belgium took the lead thanks to a goal by Tanguy Cosyns.
BADMINTON DOUBLES JOY FOR JAPAN
An incredible final in the women’s doubles saw Japan’s Misaki Matsutomo and Ayaka Takahashi – the world no.1s – fight for every point against Denmark’s determined 
duo Christinna Pedersen and Kamilla Rytter Juhl and draw on every ounce of their ability to dig themselves out of a hole and win a 18-21, 21-9, 21-19 thriller at 
the Riocentro Pavilion 4. Pedersen and Rytter Juhl were leading 19-16 in the final minutes, but the Japanese pair won five successive points to crush their hopes 
and give Japan its first-ever Olympic badminton title. “In the end, all the practice and effort we have put in has paid off,” said Matsumoto.
USAIN BOLT IMMORTAL, ALLYSON FELIX AT THE PEAK OF MOUNT OLYMPIA
Usain Bolt succeeded in a bid for a new 100m, 200m and 4x100m triple, unmatched in the history of athletics, and signed off with an iconic farewell to the 
Olympic Games. He took the gold at the Olympic Stadium with Asafa Powell, Yohan Blake and Nickel Ashmeade in 37.27, ahead of Japan (37.60 and an Asian record) and 
Canada (37.64), which placed third after the USA was disqualified for the first baton pass having been outside the zone.
 The giant Jamaican demonstrated once again his ability to delight the spectators after this success. 
A GOLDEN RIDE FOR NICK SKELTON IN INDIVIDUAL SHOW JUMPING
British equestrian athlete Nick Skelton won the gold medal in show jumping at the age of 58, in Deodoro, riding Big Star. 
The Olympic team champion from London 2012 won on time (42.82) in a six-way jump-off, beating Sweden’s Peder Fredricson (43.35) when both jumped clear.
Canada’s Eric Lamaze, the 2008 Olympic champion, who knocked over a rail, took the bronze medal. 
Savouring his moment of glory after winning only the second medal of his long career.
 BMX: CONNOR FIELDS TRIUMPHS FOR THE USA, MARIANA PAJÓN RETAINS HER TITLE BMX gold went to America, where the discipline was born, on the track in Deodoro, where Connor Fields, the “kid”from Las Vegas, won the Olympic title.Fields gave everything in the final, which he won easily ahead of the Netherlands’ Jelle van Gorkom, beaten by 0.68 seconds. Another American, Nicholas Long,thought he had won a medal. But after re-examining the photo finish, the jury granted the bronze medal to Colombia’s Carlos Alberto Ramirez, 0.005 seconds behind. 
“I can’t describe how great this feels. It’s a moment I’ve been dreaming of since I was 16.
